Okay. Now that we have an environment set up,
we also have our makefile set up,
we've tested things locally,
let's go to the next phase and install Docker itself,
which we've already talked about has this powerful level
of building abstractions around applications.
So in order to install Docker,
we're going to need to go in and download it from their website.
Let's go ahead and do that. All right.
I'm going to go over here and I'm going to install Docker.
I'll go to their website docker.com.
Now, I'm going to say go ahead and get started.
From here, I can go and I can download
a desktop Docker binary and actually install it on my machine.
So if you notice here,
one of the first things it's going to ask us to do is actually create an account.
So if you haven't created an account,
this is when you would need to go ahead and do that.
Since I already have an account,
I'm going to go ahead and sign in. Here we go.
Okay. Now that we've signed into Docker,
what I'm going to do is download the Docker desktop binary and install it.
It's over here on the right, download Docker desktop.
Once I click on it, it gives me the option to go through and run all these setup steps.
First, there's download; second, there's clone;
third there's build; fourth,
there's run; and fifth, there's ship.
I'm going to go through all those steps on our own.
So I'm going to go ahead and select "Download Docker Desktop for Mac".
Great. What that's going to do is it's going to download this locally to my machine.
Once this is downloaded,
all I have to do is go through and set up and install. Let's go ahead and do that.
Okay. Now that the Docker binary has been installed,
you can double-check that it's working if you go up here in your menu bar,
and you see Docker desktop is running,
and also Kubernetes is running as well.
So those are two options that you can select when you install Docker.
From here, you can actually see there's something called Kitematic.
You can restart Docker,
you can quit Docker desktop.
So you have a bunch of different options that you should be aware of,
but one of the main things is just be aware that
this green icon here needs to be running or else the Docker demo is not running.
Now, let's do the final step and let's actually check it from the terminal.
So I'm going to go and I'm going to select my terminal again,
and then I'm going to go here and run Docker version.
So as long as this works, there we go.
We know that Docker is running and is installed locally.